README.adoc, before:

= SIPper
:toc: macro

A SIP (Session Initiation Protocol for soft phones) library for Java 21+ which doesn't suck (pun intended).

image:https://github.com/bmarwell/sipper/actions/workflows/maven-build.yml/badge.svg[Maven CI,link=https://github.com/bmarwell/sipper/actions/workflows/maven-build.yml]
image:https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache_2.0-blue.svg[License,link=https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0]
image:https://codecov.io/gh/bmarwell/sipper/graph/badge.svg?token=W70UTK1O1V[codecov.io,link=https://codecov.io/gh/bmarwell/sipper]
image:https://img.shields.io/badge/renovate-enabled-brightgreen.svg[Renovate,link=https://renovatebot.com]

toc::[]

== Development status

Started, no releases.

== API stability

None yet, goal is to have good stability before 0.4.0.

== Implementation details

This library will make use of the Java 6+ Service Loader mechanisms.
As a developer, you can code against the API only and have only the API in your class path whilst compiling.
But for the runtime, the implementation will be needed as well.

Commit message:

[DOCS] add Javadoc, readme: state and a few basic behavioural/method contract tests

README.adoc, after:

= SIPper
:toc: macro

A SIP (Session Initiation Protocol for soft phones) library for Java 21+ which doesn't suck (pun intended).

image:https://github.com/bmarwell/sipper/actions/workflows/maven-build.yml/badge.svg[Maven CI,link=https://github.com/bmarwell/sipper/actions/workflows/maven-build.yml]
image:https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache_2.0-blue.svg[License,link=https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0]
image:https://codecov.io/gh/bmarwell/sipper/graph/badge.svg?token=W70UTK1O1V[codecov.io,link=https://codecov.io/gh/bmarwell/sipper]
image:https://img.shields.io/badge/renovate-enabled-brightgreen.svg[Renovate,link=https://renovatebot.com]

toc::[]

== Development status

There is a basic set of interfaces in the API.
Using the API and a configuration, it is possible to connect (REGISTER) and disconnect (UNREGISTER aka REGISTER with Expires: 0).
Incoming calls are being detected, but not yet routed to the SipEventHandler class.

There is basically no test yet, except a few which are being used for development.

== API stability

None yet, goal is to have good stability before 0.4.0.

== Implementation details

This library will make use of the Java 6+ Service Loader mechanisms.
As a developer, you can code against the API only and have only the API in your class path whilst compiling.
But for the runtime, the implementation will be needed as well.
